Task: Restaurant Food Ordering System
Scenario
Create a C# Console Application that simulates a restaurant where a waiter handles multiple customers.
The waiter should not wait for the kitchen to finish preparing one customer's food. Instead:
1. Customer places an order.
2. Waiter accepts the order.
3. Waiter sends the order to the kitchen.
4. Kitchen prepares the food asynchronously.
5. While the kitchen is preparing the food, the waiter can take orders from other customers.
6. Once the food is ready, the waiter receives it and serves the respective customer.

Requirements
Create the following methods:
TakeOrder()
SendToKitchen()
PrepareFoodAsync()
ServeFood()

Use:
- Task
- async
- await
- Task.Delay()
Example Flow
Customer 1: Orders Biryani
Waiter: Took order from Customer 1
Waiter: Sent Biryani order to kitchen

Customer 2: Orders Fried Rice
Waiter: Took order from Customer 2
Waiter: Sent Fried Rice order to kitchen

Customer 3: Orders Pizza
Waiter: Took order from Customer 3
Waiter: Sent Pizza order to kitchen

Kitchen: Biryani preparation started...
Kitchen: Fried Rice preparation started...
Kitchen: Pizza preparation started...

Kitchen: Biryani is ready
Waiter: Serving Biryani to Customer 1

Kitchen: Pizza is ready
Waiter: Serving Pizza to Customer 3

Kitchen: Fried Rice is ready
Waiter: Serving Fried Rice to Customer 2

Important Challenge
The students should not write the program sequentially like this:
PrepareFood();
ServeFood();

PrepareFood();
ServeFood();

Instead, they should create Tasks for each order, allowing the waiter to continue handling other customers while the kitchen works.
Expected Learning
Students should understand:
Task represents an asynchronous operation that may complete in the future.

In this example:
Waiter = Main program
Kitchen = Asynchronous Task
Food preparation = Long-running operation
Task.Delay() = Simulated kitchen preparation time
await = Wait asynchronously for the task without blocking the thread

⭐ Intermediate Challenge
Ask students to modify the application so that:
- Customer 1 → Biryani → 5 seconds
- Customer 2 → Fried Rice → 3 seconds
- Customer 3 → Pizza → 7 seconds
- Customer 4 → Burger → 2 seconds
The program should demonstrate that the waiter continues taking orders while all food preparation happens asynchronously.